{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red89\green138\blue67;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c41569\c60000\c33333;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
NOT SURE // My hobbies have always been hard to express since I tend to like a lot about a lot of things and yet less like a lot about only one thing - I consider my self a generalist hobbist. //\
\
DOG STALKING : My true hobby is sitting on a terrasse under the sun while contemplating the all lot bunch of dogs that are passing in front of me (Trust me Madrid is clearly a dog\'92s city). Eac\
\
TRAVELING : I also love to travel and spend almost a year planning a 1-year Japan trip in working Holliday Visa. History being history, covid got me when I was ending my second month in Kyoto and I had to go back to Europe. Still I\'92ve kept an unpearishable memory of this trip\
\
COOKING : I come from a family of great cookers and I couldn\'92t have lived without learning to cook because make me way too much happy. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  What is this hobby exactly?\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - How does it make you feel?\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - Where have you traveled because of your hobby? What other life experiences has your hobby provided, that you might not otherwise experience?\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - Photos and/or videos of your hobby in action\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - Links to websites describing your hobby, or where hobbyists discuss what they do\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - If you manage to get as far as creating both web pages, link them together with a navigation bar.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
}